---
author: brett
---
As another year comes to a close, I am grateful to everyone that joined us in contracts, and for the memories we have created together. I am looking forward to entering the next year with you all.

## Donations

I would like to thank everyone that has donated to Synixe, both in the past and now.
Your contributions make what we do possible. In 2021 significant changes were made to our servers and hosted services, and we received a new group of donors.
I am very grateful and am excited to continue to increase what we are able to accomplish.

## 2022 Objectives

In 2022 we want to refocus on maintaining a high standard of play. Our deaths and unrecoverable bodies were much higher in 2021 than in 2020. In our 2021 survey, the majority of members said they want to see a more serious tone during briefings and debriefings. We want to continue to aim for a "serious fun" environment. Continuing to see camaraderie built during fun shared experiences while conducting ourselves in a serious and immersive fashion.
Knowing when to switch between relaxed conversation and engaging in the mission is an important part of our culture, and needs to not get lost as we grow. This type of environment encourages our mission makers to build rich missions for an engaged player base, and leadership roles to take pride in thier outcomes knowing they can count on our members to follow through.

## Winter Campaign & Reset

We'll be kicking off 2022 with a reset and a winter campaign. The decision to reset was not an easy one, but we will be going into 2022 with a fresh slate and additional features in our PMC system. Our new SOP, which will be released in the next few weeks, will outline new guidelines for managing your bank account.
We will be keeping our current starting balance of $3,500 and equipment costs, but we'll be slightly increasing the payouts for contracts. Other features added to the PMC include:

- Vehicle tracking
- Money transfers between players
- Locker tracking
- Caching (faster to open the shop)

I will see you all in Napf!
